gh-90996: Fixed the issue that the xmlrpc module throws a ProtocolError which may leak the password (#124051)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-13-20-48-05.gh-issue-90996.MPGcGC.rst

> Fixed a security issue where a ``ProtocolError`` raised by
> :meth:`xmlrpc.client.Transport.send_request`` in the :mod:`xmlrpc.client`
> could lead to password leaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a security issue where a ``ProtocolError`` raised by
:meth:`Transport.send_request`` in the :mod:`xmlrpc.client` could lead
to password leaks.
```

> fixed security issue where passwords might get leaked because of
> ``ProtocolError`` thrown by the :meth:`xmlrpc.client.Transport.single_request`
> in the :mod:`xmlrpc.client`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a potential password leak in the :meth:`Transport.single_request`
where passwords could be exposed in a ``ProtocolError`` exception, raised by
the :mod:`xmlrpc.client`.
```
